Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Okay.
Please.
Come on come on. let's
go let's go let's go!
You're all right.
Open the door!
Come on.
Fuck. come on. man.
- Oh my God.
- Drive. drive!
Okay. okay.
Fuck!
Come on. baby.
- Come on. Mitch!
- Where are we going?
Baby!
Baby slow down. slow down.
What happened?
Is he gonna be okay?
Jimmy is he gonna be okay?
Baby you've got
to slow down. okay?
You've got to slow down.
Everything is gonna be fine.
but you've got to calm down.
We cannot get pulled
over by the cops.
Okay.
where do I go?
- What do I do?
- Baby. listen to me.
Listen to me. just
breathe slowly.
What do I do?
What do I do here?
Just drive for now. okay?
Nice and easy. okay?
Just stay on the main road.
I knew it.
What are we gonna do if he dies?
Why did you have to do this?
I told you. Ash. I told you.
You don't get to just walk away!
This was the only option!
All right?
What happened?
Fuck. it all happened
so fast. you know?
Fuck.
We have to get
him to a hospital.
Jimmy. do you hear me?
We have to get
him to a hospital.
Jimmy?
Jimmy!
He's dead.
Okay.
Ashley. Ashley. Ashley. baby.
Baby. listen to me.
Listen to me.
We gotta keep it together okay?
I need you to be strong.
Can you do that for me?
Yeah.
Okay.
All right. drive.
Drive to the boat
launch near the dump.
Mitch's boat is tied up there.
Okay.
Are you okay?
Hey. baby.
Come on.
We need to hurry okay. sweetie?
We don't have much time.
I love you. baby.
You're gonna be okay.
Yeah. I'm okay.
I'm okay.
Just head down
to the boat okay?
I'll meet you there.
Okay.
It's me.
Where have I been?
Mitch is fucking dead.
Did you hear me?
I said Mitch is dead.
Look. I did what you asked.
Yes. I have it!
I don't give a shit!
When Donnie finds it
missing he probably
already knows I'm a dead man!
You need to protect my
wife and my daughter!
Don't tell me to calm down!
Do you know Donnie?
Listen. one hour.
Same place as always.
I give you the drive.
You protect my family.
How the fuck do
you let this happen?
Fuck!
How the holy fucking Christ
can you let this happen?
Huh?
What's the fucking
point of two guys
at the fucking door to my club.
two men at the door
to my fucking office?
How'd this happen?
Tell me how the fuck
it happened. huh?
You fucking morons.
Fucking hell.
I wanna fucking know
who stole from me
and I want his fucking
head on a fucking platter
so I can serve him up
to my fucking friends!
It was Jimmy.
I'm sorry. say that again.
It was Jimmy and
some other guy.
What the fuck would
Jimmy want with the drive?
He doesn't even know what it is.
I don't know. boss.
Of course you don't know.
Okay.
All right. let's just
calm down. all right?
Get everyone. I mean
fucking everyone.
I want Jimmy at the foot
of my desk within the hour.
Now!
Find a safe
place to hide this.
What is this?
Do you trust me?
Yes. I trust you.
I trust you with my life.
But this is crazy.
I have a way out of here.
To start fresh
with a clean slate.
But I can't trust
anyone anymore.
Donnie most likely
knows it was me by now.
so you and Sarah aren't
safe in the city.
You guys need to leave town now.
Immediately.
I will catch up once
I sort this all out.
Leave town and go where?
We don't have anywhere to go.
There is one place.
No.
No way.
No one will find you there.
I haven't talked to him
in over a decade. okay?
I don't even know if
he's there anymore.
I mean he could be
dead for all I know.
Ash. think about it.
No one knows about your dad.
And no one will think to look
in the Cayman Islands
for you and Sarah.
You said you trust me. right?
You guys gotta get on the
next flight out of here.
It's best for Sarah.
Best for Sarah?
Okay. that man shouldn't
be allowed within
200 yards of our child.
much less any kid.
You gotta go.
I love you.
Hey sweetheart.
Mom. what's going on?
Um well your dad and
I planned a big surprise
for your birthday
next week and we're
taking you to a beautiful
tropical island. okay?
Surprise!
Gotta hurry. okay?
Come on. we gotta go.
Okay. up up up.
But what about my test
on Othello next week?
I'm not done reading it.
Okay.
It's gonna come with us.
Come on. we gotta hurry. baby.
Go go go go.
Come on.
Hey Jimmy.
Donnie wants to see you.
Okay.
First time to Cayman?
First time to anywhere.
Oh. well you're
gonna love the island.
Do you have family meeting you?
My grandpa lives here.
Is he going to pick you up?
No.
But I have his address.
Okay sweetie. so after we
land you stay on the plane
and I'll make sure you
get where you need to go.
Thank you.
♪ The tide is high.
but I'm holding on ♪
♪ I'm gonna be your number one ♪
♪ I'm not the kind of girl
who gives up just like that ♪
♪ Oh no
♪ It's not the things
you do that tease me ♪
♪ I'm not the kind of girl
who gives up just like that ♪
♪ Oh no
Hello?
Ahh!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. it's
okay. little girl.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
You scared the shit out of me.
Are you okay?
Did I hurt you?
Are you lost?
Looking for your parents?
What are you doing here?
I'm looking for Jim Benton.
Where'd you hear that name?
Or Matt Robbins?
Who sent you?
Where are you from?
Why are you asking
about Jim and Matt?
What the fuck are
you doing here?
He's my grandfather!
What?
My mom said he lived here.
Do you know how I can find him?
I'm Matt.
Matt Benton?
No. Benton's the
other guy's name.
I'm Matt Robbins.
But people on the island
just call me Matt.
You're not from here?
No sir. I'm from the city.
What's your name?
Sarah.
What are you doing?
What have you got there?
Is this your daughter?
Oh shit. oh shit.
Wow.
Yeah. that's Ashley.
That's my daughter.
She looks all grown
up now. you know?
How old are you?
12.
Well technically I'm 11.
but I'll be 12 in six days.
How old are you?
I don't know. I stopped
counting when I turned 30.
60. late-60s I guess.
Maybe 70.
Are you hungry?
You look hungry.
I might have some
baloney sandwiches.
You like baloney?
I checked her. boss.
No hard drive.
Just a receipt for two
tickets to the Cayman Islands.
Looks like the kid
left about an hour ago.
Next one's for tomorrow.
Where's Jimmy?
"Where's Jimmy?"
Where's fucking Jimmy?
Where's my fucking hard drive?
Hmm?
Here we go.
Bobo go get Jimmy.
Bobo what the fuck?
Sorry boss.
You kidding me?
Oh my God!
Look at you two.
What a fucking mess.
Look. I'm gonna make
this real easy for you.
All right?
Where.
Is.
My fucking hard drive?
No no no no no no please!
Please don't. please!
Please.
You know what I think?
I think Mr. Romance
here gave you the drive.
And you sent it
ahead to the Caymans.
With your daughter.
Am I right?
Look at me.
Huh?
Does she know she
has the hard drive?
Ah.
All right. the girl's got it.
Get on that flight with this
bitch. take Bobo with you.
and do not come back without
my fucking hard drive.
What the fuck. Donnie?
It's a little girl.
I can handle this.
I don't need Bobo with me.
I know you can
handle it. okay?
I know this.
Don't think because I'm
asking Bobo to go with you
doesn't mean that I don't
trust you or have faith
in your ability 'cause
I do. all right?
The hard drive is important
not just to me. but to Hector.
All right?
Now take Bobo with you.
Hey.
My friends are gonna go back
with you to get my drive. okay?
What about Jimmy?
No no.
No. he needs a doctor
No. you don't
worry about Jimmy.
All right?
Jimmy's gonna stay here with me.
You need to worry about
getting my hard drive.
Now if you cause any
kind of commotion.
you draw attention
to the police.
you do something stupid.
you do fucking anything
to compromise my friends here.
I swear to fucking Christ
Jimmy will suffer worse
than you can imagine.
Am I fucking clear?
Tell me we're clear.
- We're clear.
- Thank you.
Get this bitch the
fuck out of my face.
Hey Bobo.
Come here.
You get that drive back.
you kill that bitch
and her daughter.
Take them out to the
ocean. drop them deep.
- Understood.
- Hey Bobo.
Don't make me come out there.
You know I fucking
hate the heat.
- Understood.
- All right.
I'm all out of cold cuts.
But I do have some crunchy shit.
No ice huh?
I'm sorry there
princess. no ice.
The freezer's broke.
fridge only does enough
to keep the meat from
turning blue. but enough
about my current
electrical current issues.
What. pray tell.
are you doing here?
Pray tell?
Yeah. what are you
doing here. now. today?
I haven't seen my daughter
since her mom died
and now her daughter shows up
at my front doorstep
with not a word.
It makes a man
curious. you know?
What are you doing here?
Pray tell.
I think my parents are
in some kind of trouble.
Oh Ashley's in trouble.
Okay. well there's a shocker.
What is it this time?
She in jail?
Okay. that was mean.
That wasn't. goddammit.
I didn't mean that.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. just tell
me what happened.
Up until last night.
mom told me you were dead.
It's easy to see why.
Sorry I bothered you.
No no no. Sarah.
Sarah. I'm sorry.
Sorry. I was a shitty dad.
I won't argue that.
But right now I really need you
to tell me what
happened to your mom.
Please?
Yesterday I
came home early from school
and I could hear my mom and
dad arguing about something.
Mom. dad. I'm home!
Dad was
saying something about
"no other way out" and
he needed mom's help.
Later that night mom woke me
up in the middle of the night.
She packed my bag and went
straight to the airport.
Mom tried to get a
ticket for her as well.
but they only had one seat left.
So she put me on the
plane and she handed me
some money and gave
me this address
and said I'd find you here.
I know something's wrong.
Hmm...
Where's your mom now?
Well she said she
would be here tomorrow.
Why do you have two names?
I'm gonna find out when the
flights are landing tomorrow.
Oh. you want some
more soda water?
No thanks.
All right. all right.
I got this.
I was wondering
when you were gonna call
and tell me what
happened tonight.
How do you know what happened?
Oh Donnie. please.
I know everything.
I've always told you
never underestimate
the power of information.
And the fact that you
don't know that I know
already puts you in a weakened
position and we haven't
even started talking
about the problem at hand.
Which is my missing hard drive?
You know. I had it before.
I'll get it again.
You have 24 hours before I
step in and solve this myself.
Hey. I can deal with it.
I hope so.
Because if you can't
it begs the question
what use are you at all?
Fuck!
All done?
Yes. thank you.
Mom never lets me eat in bed.
Really?
That's weird.
She used to love it.
You're a football fan?
I love football.
I want to be a quarterback
when I grow up.
Good.
Are there a lot of
girl quarterbacks?
Girls can do
anything guys can do.
I'm the fastest
player on my team.
Okay. well let's talk football
tomorrow when your
mom gets here.
Why do you have two names?
I'll tell you
sometime over a beer.
Goodnight.
Hi. you've
reached Ashley.
I can't get to my
phone right now.
Leave a message.
Purpose for your visit?
Business or pleasure?
- Pleasure.
Is this the place?
Hey.
I don't know. I've
never been here.
Listen. I am in no
mood for bullshit.
So you better fucking tell
me where that disc is.
Or I'm gonna tear
your fucking arms off.
- You understand me?
- Mmmhm.
Hard drive.
What?
You said disc.
Are you fucking
kidding me right now?
Hey. I don't know. you know?
Maybe she thinks you meant disc.
That's not what Donnie needs.
You think I don't know
what fucking Donnie needs?
Shut the fuck up. get in
there. and check it out.
Yes sir. boss.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Well she was here.
But there's no hard drive.
I want that
fucking hard drive.
Are you rich?
Well that depends
upon your perspective.
If you can't afford this
breakfast then I'm rich
because I can afford
to pay for it.
Ah.
So how'd you end up here?
Well I don't like cold weather
and I don't like too much rain.
but I do like to fish. so
seemed like a good place.
You retired?
Yeah.
How long you been retired?
About 20 years I guess.
Why'd you retire?
It wasn't my choice.
I was told to retire.
By who?
You writing a book?
Who'd you work for?
I worked for Uncle Sam.
The government.
Yep. I worked for
the government.
Did you know Uncle Sam is
actually based on a real person?
No.
His name was Sam Wilson.
He was a meat packer
during the War of 1812.
The troops got to calling
the meat Uncle Sam's meat.
And from that point
on it was used
as a unifying cry
to the Americans.
Impressive.
Remind me to avoid
trivia games with you.
So what did you do
for the government?
I was an arbitrator.
I'm guessing you know the
origin story of arbitration too.
No. I don't know what that is.
Is it like a lawyer?
Yes. but in my case
I was more of a...
Negotiator.
So if two sides couldn't
come to an agreement
they'd send me in to
sort out the argument.
Were you good at your job?
I got the job done.
Then why'd you retire?
Told you.
it wasn't my choice.
Can I ask you a question?
Oh now you're asking?
You already asked me
a hundred questions.
You won't get mad?
Sarah. you
always knock me for a loop.
What's the question?
Why did mom tell
me you were dead?
I always wanted a grandfather.
I had a grandmother.
but it's different.
She probably
wouldn't let you order
a double stack with
extra chocolate chips.
Here. have some more
syrup. sweetheart.
- There you go.
- Or asked if I wanted a beer.
Yeah.
Now listen. kid.
If you mother
wanted you to think
that I'm dead. it's
for your own good.
You see. when she
was a little girl
I was home all of two
months out of the year.
And when I was home I was...
No fun.
And then when June.
your other grandmother.
got sick I just up and left
to some godforsaken country.
I left your mother all alone
to take care of her mother.
So if she wants to
visualise me as "dead"
then she has every right.
All right. well let's go.
We should go.
I forgive you. grandpa.
Jesus Christ it's fucking hot.
Hey.
Take it easy.
You ever see someone
try to walk around
without one of these?
It's really fucked up.
You see. this little tendon here
has a lot to do
with your ability
to walk around
and stand upright.
So if you don't tell
me where that disc...
If you don't tell where
that hard drive is.
I'm going to snip
that fucking tendon.
And watch you hop around
like a fucking invalid.
Until you shit me
out a hard drive.
Hey kid.
Why don't you slouch down.
Just lay low for a few minutes.
Why?
Well you said your parents
were in trouble right?
Yeah. I guess.
Well then would you
mind slouching down?
Yeah. yeah. okay.
Good.
Stay down until I
tell you it's okay.
I'll be right back.
Whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa.
Take it easy. slow down.
Who the fuck is that?
That's my father.
I think.
He doesn't know
anything about this.
Where
the fuck is your kid?
I don't know. I swear.
Dad.
Where's Sarah?
Don't worry.
Fellas!
Welcome to the island!
You friends of Ashley?
Ow!
Dad what's wrong?
It's just my back.
I just gotta sit down.
Sorry guys. just...
I've been dealing with
this crap for six years.
Okay. that's better.
I'll tell you. once you
hit 60 the warranty's off.
You know what I mean?
You guys gotta invest in
some better beachwear.
Aren't you dying
in those jackets?
Listen. we don't mean
to be rude. but we believe
you have something we're
looking for and ideally
I'd like to grab it and be on
the next flight out of here.
I don't have anything!
Ashley what's the Dapper
Danny talking about?
I am really trying to be nice.
Trying to be nice?
But I'm losing my
fucking patience.
No no no. come on!
This guy's fucking crazy.
Dad!
Dad.
Did you shoot me?
I am so sorry.
- Are you okay?
- Wow!
Did you shoot just me or
did you shoot him too?
No. just you.
Did he get away?
- Yes. and he took your truck.
- Fuck!
You know what?
It is just a truck.
This is pretty much you.
You just go straight to
yelling at me for screwing up
Sarah's in the truck!
Fuck!
My drive better be
in your fucking hands.
Bobo.
Bobo!
Bad news. boss.
General's dead.
Ashley. she brought us to
her dad's house. right?
There's nobody there. so I
went inside. I look around.
The little girl had been there
but no hard drive.
so we wait around.
Eventually dad comes back.
- Whose dad?
I just said Ashley.
Ashley's dad. old guy.
Very very old guy.
Anyway. that's when
everything goes south right?
General pulls a gun
and the old man.
I don't know. he killed him.
He killed him?
I thought you just
said General had a gun.
Yeah. well that's
the thing. boss.
The guy used a. what's
the word. a hand weight.
What?
Yeah. you know.
like a dumbbell?
General looks away. old
man hits him over the head.
Boom. kills him.
I just got out of
there with my life.
Ashley's shooting at
me and everything.
Who the fuck kills
someone with weights?
I know. boss.
Personally I've never
seen anything like it.
Sorry for your loss. Donnie.
So to recap.
You didn't get my drive.
My little half brother's dead.
Beaten to death with
a fucking dumbbell.
Anything else you've
forgotten. Bobo?
Well yeah. there's
one other thing.
I got Ashley's kid.
Hold that fucking kid.
Get somewhere low key.
I don't care. just sit tight.
Looks like we gotta
lay low for awhile.
You're not gonna give
me any trouble are you?
Good.
You understand this is
nothing personal right?
This is just what you call
an unfortunate circumstance.
I don't feel one way or the
other about any of this.
Understand?
Good.
So if you give me any
trouble. you don't listen
to what I tell you. I'm gonna
shoot you in the head twice.
I'm gonna dump you in the ocean.
and I'm gonna go get a pizza.
We clear?
Well we're gonna have to
call the cops about this.
No. dad. they have Sarah.
They will kill her.
I guarantee you there's
more men that are already
coming for me and that
hard drive and now you
and they will not stop
until we are all dead.
But right now all I care about
is getting my daughter back.
Where's the drive now?
And you don't know
what's on here?
No. I have no idea.
I don't even think Jimmy
knows what's on that.
All I know is that
Jimmy kept telling me
that that drive was our way out.
Out of what?
Everything.
Jimmy was working
full time for Donnie.
As his driver.
And once a guy like Donnie gets
his claws in you it's
hard to get away.
Like ever.
Pretty risky to try and kill
two people in broad daylight.
I'm guessing the Jerry Lewis
Telethon isn't on here.
All right.
Let's get rid of the body.
How do we do that?
I am so sorry that I shot you.
- Are you sure you're okay?
- It's fine.
It's just a graze.
When we get back we should
find a place to lay low.
An out of the way hotel.
- Grab an end.
- Oh no. I can't. I
Do I have to do
everything myself?
Okay. you know what?
Fine. I will grab his feet.
Fine.
Okay?
On three.
Two.
One.
- Hup!
- Wait wait wait wait wait!
What?
Well what if
someone finds him?
Ashley. this is
the Cayman Trench.
It's a five mile drop down.
There's nobody there.
Okay.
And.
Hup!
Down she goes.
So that's all for now.
I expect your reports
tomorrow morning by 8 AM.
So how did it go?
It's a burn.
Whole thing's a burn.
We're talking eight
months of legwork here.
Where's your man inside?
Compromised.
With drive.
So your man
is probably hanging in a
meat locker somewhere
and the drive is back in
the hands of the bad guys.
Is that about the
sum of your report?
Like I said.
It's a burn.
Do I need to tell you
what's on that drive?
No ma'am.
Are you sure?
Quite sure.
Drisdale.
It's me.
Hello?
Do you know your current
file reads "Gone Elvis"?
That's funny.
I remember you telling me to.
how'd you put it.
do some fishing?
Early retirement?
Oh you know that that
order came from above me.
Yeah yeah.
Hand me a sack of shit and
tell me it's fish and chips.
You know as well as I do
that you frustrated
every superior.
and subordinate for that
matter. that you ever had.
You assaulted a two
star general. Matthew.
Do you know what that
guy had going on the side?
I've heard this
all before remember?
And I am very busy. so
if you'll excuse me.
I need.
Your help.
As I recall. asking for help
was not your strong point.
Fair enough.
It's my daughter Ashley.
She's in deep with
some bad people
and I need some information.
Well how serious is
the trouble she's in?
That's what I'm
trying to find out.
I've got two names. Donnie Iger
and some guy who calls
himself The General.
How do I reach you?
I'll reach back out to you.
All right. well let me try
to get you some information.
"But I will wear my heart upon
"my sleeve for daws to peck at."
"I am not what I am."
Excuse me?
Iago.
Othello's most trusted officer?
- You know Othello?
- Sure.
Why are you so surprised?
It's a famous play.
It's almost like
you're looking at me
like I'm a guy who would
never read Shakespeare.
Jesus.
I thought your
generation doesn't
judge people by
their appearances.
No. I didn't mean
Take it easy. take it easy.
I'm just kidding you.
Did you have to
read it for school?
Lady. I never
went to no school.
How did you learn to read
if you never went to school?
You ever hear of Oliver Twist?
I think so.
Is he the one who
asks for more soup?
"Please. sir.
"Can I have some more?"
- Is that supposed to be Oliver?
- Are you kidding me?
That was a great Oliver.
Anyway. I was an orphan.
And some guy. he picked me up.
Took me into his house.
He fed me and he taught
me over the years.
Taught me how to read.
taught me how to write.
Taught me how to gather
my thoughts coherently.
Convey them concisely.
Taught me how to shave.
He was a great man.
What happened?
Well you're gonna have to
read Oliver Twist aren't you?
Because his story and mine?
One and the same.
That's not possible.
What are you talking about?
"Never trust a coincidence."
My science teacher once said.
Ooh.
Your science teacher huh?
Maybe he thinks I'm
more like Iago huh?
I'm not what I seem to be?
Yeah. you seem shifty.
- What page you on?
- 78.
It's hard to understand.
Yeah. I get that.
All right look.
You keep reading. I
gotta make a call.
I'm gonna ask you a
few questions later.
Pay attention.
Purpose of your visit?
Business or pleasure?
Pleasure.
Where's phone?
Over there. sir.
Bobo's room.
No. just Bobo.
- Yeah.
- Bobo it's us.
What room you in?
528. come on up.
Gonna see your mom soon.
Dad.
I'm sorry Ash. I'm
just trying to...
They're gonna hurt
Sarah aren't they?
No no no. don't
think like that.
You don't know these people.
Killing her is nothing to them.
They won't kill her as
long as we have the drive.
But here's what I
don't understand.
How can Sarah be
anywhere near this?
How can you have a life with
her anywhere near these
You don't know
anything about my life.
Or Sarah's.
Jimmy was just a
driver. nothing more.
He didn't hurt people.
he didn't sell drugs.
We were just trying
to get a leg up.
Is that how he ended
up with the hard drive?
He overheard
Donnie talking about
how he was gonna get
a leg up on Hector
and the drive was
gonna make that happen.
Wow.
Wow. okay.
Okay.
Ashley. you are
never responsible.
And now you're a parent and
you're even less responsible.
Oh wow. because you
were some great example
of what a parent should be?
Should I follow your example?
I get it. I get it.
You leave for months on
end with no contact or call
because you pretty much missed
every birthday I ever had.
You made your point.
Even when you were in town.
so don't fucking tell me
how to be a parent because
you have no fucking idea!
-  Where are you going?
- I am going to get some ice.
Ashley those guys could
already be looking for you.
I think I can
get some ice. dad!
Okay.
What?
It's them.
Who?
The bad guys.
- Get away from the door.
Come on. Ashley.
We've got your girl.
I need you
to do something for me
and there's probably no way
you're gonna want to do it.
I need you to open
the door really fast.
then I'm gonna grab one of them.
pull them in here.
and then you're gonna
slam the door shut
once he's in here okay?
Have you completely
lost your mind?
I gotta separate these guys.
I can deal with them one at
a time. but not all at once.
Deal with them?
- You can do this.
- I'm gonna count you in. ready?
He's gonna get it
eventually anyway!
You know this is true!
On three. two. one.
- Go!
- Ashley. don't make me
Is this one of the bad guys?
Yeah. that's one
of Donnie's soldiers.
What's going on?
It's gonna be hard to explain.
Where's Leon?
He took him.
- Who took him?
- Some guy.
He grabbed him. pulled
him into the room.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Get in there and
fucking get him!
I don't remember.
Were you afraid of heights?
Not really.
Why?
I'm gonna lower you down.
You've gotta be kidding me.
No no. no time
to talk about it.
Just gotta go.
Now Ashley. gotta go now.
All right now. come on.
Here we go.
Come on.
There you go.
Off you go.
Up and over.
Now Ashley. gotta go right now.
Come on.
That's it.
That's my girl.
You got it.
I can't let go.
- I've got you. let go.
- I can't let go.
Don't make me push you.
Come here!
Fuck!
If these guys are willing
to risk killing us in public.
we're gonna need a better
defensive position.
A defensive position?
And how are you
doing these things?
Who are you?
Ash. I can appreciate
this is a bit weird.
and I can explain a
bit more about my past.
but right now we need to leave.
Oh look at him. we're gonna
give him a heart attack.
Okay. so all of those
times that you were
leaving us for six
months at a time
you were. what. killing people?
No. God!
I mean no.
You were killing people?
I mean besides the ones
that I've seen you kill?
Hey. I killed
those guys trying
to save your ass. so
give a guy a break.
- Wait. so-
- Can this guy move any slower?
What. you're some kind
of assassin or something?
Can you open the door?
I gotta get off the balcony!
What the fuck?
Thank you.
You're a gentleman
and a scholar.
- Thank you so much.
- Is it hot?
Jesus Christ.
Whoa whoa. taxi!
That's Ashley.
Who is this guy?
Yes. hello. can you connect me
to the Cayman Cab
Company please?
Appreciate that. thank you.
Yes. hello.
Look. my father and my
sister just got into
one of your cabs in
front of Seashell Hotel.
And here's the
thing. my father left
all of his heart
medication in the room.
Is it possible for you to
tell me where they're headed?
Well see. that's the weird part.
The phone is with the heart
medication here in the room.
Anyway. I'd really appreciate it
if you could help me out here.
Oh no no no. never again.
They're heading to the
Marina in Capo Bay.
The Capo Bay Marina.
Thank you so much. goodbye.
Asshole.
Hey. that's pretty smart.
The only thing I
want to hear you say
is that you got my drive
and everyone's dead.
Say it.
Not exactly. boss.
You're not gonna be happy.
Fuck!
Why is no one answering
their phones. huh?
What the fuck's
going on down there?
Where's Gibson?
Where's Ronik?
Put Ronik on.
See that's the thing. boss.
The old guy. he keeps
killing everybody.
The dad.
Everybody!
I send three of my
best guys down there
to fucking grab a hard
drive from a little girl
and her fucking mom
and you're telling me
the grandfather just killed
three more of my men?
Yeah. pretty much. yeah.
"Pretty much" "pretty much."
Fuck.
Bobo. listen really
carefully all right?
I gotta call Hector. tell her
what the fuck is going on.
so I'm thinking in
the meantime maybe.
I don't know. find out who
the fucking grandpa is?
Can you give me a fucking name?
That's funny boss because
actually. hang on a second.
I got um...
I got two names here.
Okay.
I got a Matt Robbins.
And I got a Jim Benton.
Great. which
one's the grandpa?
Well that's the thing
boss. we're not really sure.
but it's definitely
one of the two.
Fuck!
Sit tight. okay?
Until I fucking get down there.
You guys got passports?
You hungry?
All right.
What's your favourite food?
Pizza.
All right. me too.
I'll make you a deal.
You good on your word?
Yeah.
All right. now I get
that I'm the bad guy
in this particular circumstance.
but your work should
be solid no matter
what side of the fence
you're on. am I right?
Yeah. that makes sense.
All right.
So now we're gonna go.
we're gonna get pizza.
and we're gonna see your mom.
But when we get downstairs
there's gonna
be cops everywhere.
And you gotta be good. okay?
Because if I get
busted. Donnie is gonna
kill your mom sure
as I'm sitting here.
Understand?
Okay. I understand.
All right.
Let's go.
Remember. we get caught
your mom dies. yeah?
I understand.
Let's go.
What?
Why did you want
to be the bad guy?
You know. I never
really thought about it.
I've just been the bad
guy from the beginning.
Just circumstances I guess.
How about you?
You the good guy?
I mean. you know. girl?
I think so. but it's
not over yet is it?
That's what I'm saying.
Circumstances.
You ready. madam?
Hang on.
Captain!
Captain Joseph!
Permission to come aboard!
If you're here for that
$25 you can turn around.
I didn't cheat.
Joey.
Joey. you remember
my daughter Ashley?
Ashley?
- Your Ashley?
- Yeh.
My. little Ashley.
Well you're not so
little anymore huh?
My Lord how time flies.
The last time I saw you you
were about eight years old.
Of course you
wouldn't remember me.
You were just a wee thing.
What are you guys doing here?
Well in short. I'm a
worse parent than he is.
Ashley and her husband
seem to have gotten
mixed up with some bad people.
Ooh.
How bad?
They tried to kill us.
Twice.
Hmm
Little Ash always
getting in trouble.
Okay. can we focus please?
Well whoever the players are
they all seem to want this.
Hey. can I use your computer
and see what's on this thing?
Yeah.
Come on.
Joey here was a
mine sweeper back when
we were stationed
overseas together.
For those diplomatic
missions we were on.
What is a mine sweeper
doing on diplomatic missions?
Yeah. there.
Click on that.
Yeah. open that file please.
Whoa.
Is this what I think it is?
What does this have
to do with Jimmy?
If this is for real I'm
ready to call the agency.
This is bigger than
anything I've ever seen.
This some James Bond shit.
How'd you get this?
James Bond?
You know what?
You're gonna need
to get off my boat.
Drisdale.
These guys continue
to be a problem.
Three of them just
tried to kill me.
Are they dead?
Did you find out anything
on those two names?
Yes I did.
These are very bad people.
How bad?
Well Donnie Iger is
the guy who it seems
your little girl
stole the drive from.
She didn't steal anything.
This drive landed in
her lap from her husband
who didn't look both ways
before he crossed the street.
Well he looked both ways
when he decided to
work with Donnie.
I mean he is a
lifelong piece of shit.
He did seven years hard time.
but when he came out
he spent the next
10 years working his
way up the membership.
Organised crime.
Yep. and Matt.
let me tell you.
These guys are into everything.
Drugs. human trafficking.
money laundering. firearms.
cyber crimes. and Donnie runs
a small arm of the membership.
His boss is one Hector Garcia.
♪ Well I walk that walk
♪ And talk that talk ♪
♪ Said you're so fine ♪
♪ Said you'll be mine
♪ And we'll talk that talk ♪
I apologise if I
kept you waiting.
Have you not eaten?
Oh please. eat something.
No. no I'm fine.
Thank you. Mrs. Garcia.
Oh please. oh my
goodness. call me Hector.
You work for me. yes?
Yes.
And forgive me. you are...
Helen.
No no. not your name.
what you do for me.
You are...
I'm sorry.
I'm an...
I'm an accountant.
Yes.
That's it.
Helen. come with me.
Helen. do you know of a
company called AJ Boat Carters?
AJ Boat Carters is not
actually a boat company.
it's just a front to move cash.
Do you know this?
Do you know about the $16.246.87
that has moved
into that company?
I'm sorry.
Mrs. Garcia. please.
I'm so sorry. I was stupid.
Come with me.
Oh God.
Beer?
No thank you.
You know. this would be.
The part
in the movie where
I tell you not to be
so hard on your dad.
'Cause he's got some
good qualities too.
Yeah. the ol' pal comes to
his buddy's rescue routine.
Classic.
Not really. but I
know he was hurting
being apart from your guys.
So what. my dad's
like Rambo or something?
Not quite Rambo. but your dad
used to have a very
special talent.
He was what we called a sneak.
Whenever there was
someone we couldn't get to
for one reason or another
they'd send in your dad.
My dad's an assassin isn't he?
Never came from me. but yeah.
Your dad's totally an assassin.
Are you shitting me?
No. no. not really.
He had this unique ability
to get in unnoticed.
get the job done. and get out.
When he killed those
guys and watched them die.
and don't get me wrong.
they were bad guys.
but it was like it
didn't even affect him.
It was like he was just
taking the trash to the curb.
When I was a boy my
father had a heart attack.
And later that night
he was recovering
in the emergency ward.
I was sitting right by his side
when they two doctors rushed in.
Because the guy in
the bed next to my dad
was going into cardiac arrest.
Now they came in. but
they couldn't save him.
And he died right
there in front of us.
Now I certainly never
seen a man die before.
We just stood there.
Stunned.
Then. and I will
never forget this.
I heard one doctor
ask the other doctor
if he knew who won
the Dodgers game.
Baseball?
How can they be talking
baseball when a man
had just died right
in front of them?
That's when I knew.
The more death you've seen.
the less it affects you.
And I think your
dad has seen so much
that any effect it may
have had is long gone.
Please.
Oh God.
Please please don't do this.
Pull yourself together.
Look again.
Are you going to be loyal?
Yes.
Do you love your daughters?
Of course you do.
Then they should be
fine without a father.
No!
Shh. shh-shh-shh-shh.
If you steal from me again.
you and your daughters
will be on that boat and
they will go in first.
Do you understand?
Yes.
Please feel free to take
some fruit home to your girls.
I'll have someone
prepare a basket.
It's no bother.
This woman is not to
be messed with. Matt.
She has very powerful friends.
Tell John to push
our lunch next week.
And I want specifics
on the mayor meeting.
I don't want another
incident with that woman.
I'm on it.
Everyone out.
What should I
tell the Sheffields?
Tell them I'll throw in
use of the private jet.
But that's it.
I need their support publicly.
Now go.
And close the door
on your way out.
Make sure I'm not disturbed.
I thought we had
an understanding
you would not contact me here.
The drive
has been stolen.
I'm gonna have to
ask you to repeat that.
The drive
has been stolen.
How?
I have
it under control.
Yeah. I think you and I have
two different definitions
of "under control".
I'll get the drive.
How?
What about your
man on the inside?
I think we can both
agree on one thing.
It is in our mutual interest
to recover the drive
and I can assure you I
have my best men on it.
Well that's a relief.
Does anyone know
what's on that drive?
No.
Where are your men now?
You heading down for
the Blackbeard festival?
- Yarrgh!
-  Yarrgh!
Enjoy your flight.
I think we got a problem.
I'm calling you for a solution.
Purpose of your visit?
Business or pleasure?
Business.
So you remember
when you first rolled
you wanted a seven
but you didn't get it?
- Yeah.
- All right.
so now if you
roll a seven it's game over.
For everybody. whether
they bet on you or not.
So everybody's cheering
you on to not roll a seven.
You roll any other number.
everybody who bets on you wins.
And you keep rolling.
Okay.
Who are you gonna bet on?
Well I'm thinking
you're a shooter.
so I'm betting on you. kid.
Ooh!
You're a natural.
Roll again.
My God. she's en fuego.
We're going to Vegas
when this is over.
All right. numb nuts.
I didn't get a gun.
The fuck am I gonna
do with this thing?
Stick it up your ass.
Hey.
What's going on with
our pal Othello?
Why does Othello
trust Iago so much
when it's pretty
obvious to everyone
around him that Iago is lying?
How does he not see it?
I don't know.
It's always the
ones closest to you
get you in the end. you know?
Go ahead. roll.
Ah. you bust.
Be right back.
Hey boss.
Yeah. she's with me.
All right. I'll send
you the address.
All right. we got this fuck.
Head east.
East. don't make me
fucking say it again.
I don't know which way's east.
Left. do you know
which way's left?
Yeah.
I'm at work.
Maybe it's time you got
your priorities straight.
You made a promise to me
that you have yet
to materialise on.
Take the drive from
that neanderthal
Donnie and shut him down.
Every time we send our men
some old guy kills them.
This isn't just some old guy.
He's ex-Special Ops. he
used to work for my boss.
You're not gonna believe this.
but he's the father-in-law
of my snitch.
I'm lost. the old
guy that's killing my men?
Yes. he's a major badass
you want to avoid at all cost.
All right. where's
this motherfucker?
That blue one over there.
Ashley. the old man. and I
don't know. some other guy.
All right.
Here. get rid of her.
Boss.
Maybe we keep her
around. you know?
Just in case
circumstances change?
Why the fuck does everybody
make me say things twice?
Just get rid of her. all right?
Save me the suspense.
What are we dealing with?
All right.
You know Rambo?
So he's Rambo.
No. I'm pretty sure this guy
taught Rambo
everything he knows.
He won the Silver Star
for bravery twice.
That hasn't been done
since World War II.
Well Donnie and
his men are about
to permanently retire him.
Listen to me very carefully.
This is not a man to
be messed with. okay?
He's a killing machine.
If he's got the drive
you're gonna need leverage.
Use the daughter.
Do not engage.
That might be too late.
Fuck.
For fuck's sake.
get back. get back.
Motherfucker.
All right. listen.
First thing is don't fucking
kill anybody all right?
I need them all alive.
Especially that fucking old man.
The most important thing is that
motherfucking hard
drive. all right?
I can't stress that enough.
We get that drive back.
we'll kill them all.
All right?
We're gonna surround them.
We're gonna trap them.
It's that easy.
Yeah. that's a good plan.
All right. you three.
Sneak to the far side.
come in from that side.
You three. go around.
Sneak in from the
other side. all right?
Guys. they got
nowhere fucking to go.
We got them.
Go go go go go.
Get back. get back.
They found us.
You got any weapons on board?
Oh my God.
How did they find us?
Weapons like guns?
That'd be good.
Would this even kill someone?
I doubt it.
Might set them on fire.
I'll tell you what though.
if you shoot somebody
up close with that thing
it'll severely slow them down.
You need to hide
her somewhere.
I got the place.
I'm not going down there.
Ashley.
Don't come out until
I come back for you.
Are you gonna kill my
mommy and grand daddy?
Nah. I just want to talk.
You know. my daddy
always says if someone's
not looking you in
the eye when they
give you answers it
means they're lying.
I just want to talk all right?
Come on. let's go.
Yo Ashley!
You in there?
Hey grandpa. you in there?
Grandpa?
I believe you have something
that was stolen from me!
I understand you have
something that belongs to me!
Yeah. I don't know what the
fuck you're talking about!
My granddaughter!
Soon as I know she's safe
I'll give you what you need.
This look familiar?
Gotta get that fucking drive.
Hey yo!
Listen. let's just
calm down. all right?
We can work this out!
Tell you what!
I'm gonna send one
of my guys back
to get your
granddaughter. all right?
Okay!
I can wait here.
Stay low.
Dad!
All right. stop here.
Turn around.
I said turn around.
- All right.
- Where is your code?
What?
Good guy or bad guy
you gave me your word.
And you promised.
I thought you had a code
of honour or something.
Jesus Christ.
Dad!
Please please please!
All right.
Let's go.
Hey!
Get back here!
Goddammit!
Stay back.
stay back. stay back.
Don't move.
- Got you now mother-
- Grandpa!
Please!
Help me!
Dad!
Mom?
Mom!
Sarah!
Save me!
Sarah I'm down here!
Mom?
Sarah open the hatch quick!
Baby!
Sarah please!
Open the hatch!
Baby!
He's coming!
You're almost there. just
keep trying for me okay?
Almost got it!
Come on baby. you can do it!
Mom he's here!
Mom!
Stay the fuck away
from my daughter!
Iago.
- Get in the boat.
- Fuck you.
Get in the fucking
boat or you die.
Get in the fucking boat!
Get in the boat.
Go!
Fucking get in the boat!
Please. no. please
please please
Get in the boat
or I'll kill her!
Please please please!
I've been shot.
Twice.
Let me get you to my truck.
Drisdale.
So who do these fuckers
known in the Caribbean?
-  What happened?
- Donnie and his crew happened.
10 of them.
They had a lot of firepower
and there's no way
they flew in with it.
- Are you okay?
- No.
He got away and he has my
daughter and my granddaughter.
I think he's gonna try and
get off the island with them.
-  How?
-  You tell me.
Look. there's no
way that he's gonna
get a woman and her
daughter off the island
as hostages with no
significant help.
Leave it with me.
Yeah.
It appears
Rambo's personal trainer
is just as good as you say.
Yeah. two no mustard please.
- Yep.
- I told you not to engage.
Did you engage?
Against council.
yes. and he was no letdown.
This guy didn't disappoint
after all your hype.
Damage?
He killed
10 of Donnie's men.
Jesus H.
Who's got the drive?
Your boy still
has it. but the good news
is Donnie made it out of
there with some insurance.
I need transport
off the island ASAP.
What?
If that drive
falls into the wrong hands
I can only imagine
the collateral damage
that will follow.
Are you threatening me?
Yes. of course.
I'm a criminal.
Get them off the island or
I will nail you to a cross
and you will learn
about sacrifice.
Okay.
No mustard right?
It's like you
don't even know me.
What?
"No mustard."
What is this. Russia?
Sir.
No. I don't believe he's
aware of anything. sir.
Yes sir. I'm quite sure
he's feeding the intel.
I don't believe so.
You can count on me. sir.
Who was that?
My dad.
He's worried my mom's
gonna vote Republican.
Thank God my parents are dead.
I need help!
- He has two gunshot wounds.
- Who are you?
I'm his friend.
You're gonna have to go inside
and report this to the police.
Of course.
I just gotta move my car
out of the emergency zone.
Quickly!
-  All right.
- Yeah. here we go.
-  That's it.
-  Yeah. I got your arm.
There you go. yeah.
Easy.
Well you were right.
Three flights just
left headed to Miami
and Donnie was spotted on
one of the cargo flights.
I think he must have gotten
your family on
that plane somehow
and he must have
some agency help.
Do you still have
the hard drive?
Yes.
There's a 6 PM flight.
I booked you on it. now I
cannot help you officially.
You understand that right?
Got it.
When you get to
Miami there'll be
a car there waiting for you.
Check the trunk.
Copy.
You think he bought it?
I think he is pissed off
and he wants his family back.
And you better have
your information right.
You saw the surveillance.
All three on their way to Miami.
I do not know how the hell
he got on that cargo flight.
I don't know.
This ends tonight.
I don't want any more surprises.
I'm sick of Hector
and her people
always being one
step ahead of us.
Well like you said. Chief.
I think she's got
someone on the inside.
May I offer you a
drink from the bar?
Double Absolut on the rocks.
Okay.
You're late!
This guy's file reads
like episodes of G.I. Joe.
Seen half of this stuff?
I wrote half of the reports.
He's a true blue
American hero.
Exactly what we need.
If he has the hard
drive. and Hector
has his granddaughter
and his daughter.
he's gonna do all the
heavy lifting for us
by removing Hector and her men.
Any update on the drop?
According to my source
it's at Hector's house.
After you.
Welcome to my home
I'm glad that you
both made it safely.
Although I will say that
the unforeseen circumstances
that brought you
here are unfortunate.
Oh don't be scared. Sarah.
I have absolutely no
intention of hurting you.
Your grandfather. however. I
cannot guarantee the safety of.
It's okay.
You do understand that
I cannot control Donnie.
I can only control
what side he's on.
Welcome
to Miami International Airport.
Please remember to
keep your belongings
with you at all times.
All unattended baggage will
be confiscated immediately.
We all set?
Almost too easy.
Well good.
What's the ETA?
We touch down in
Miami in 13 minutes. ma'am.
Sarah.
Sarah get back here.
What are you doing?
Sarah come back over here.
Sarah!
I have an idea.
Whoa.
Is he gonna be okay?
It's too soon to tell.
Come on.
Come on come on come on.
Come on. quick.
Hey. what was that?
See anything?
All right. looks
like our boy's here.
Go check on the girls.
You guys see anything?
No.
Hey. there!
It's coming!
Fire!
I thought you fucking
had this under control.
Get these lights back on.
- Get out of the car!
Hey!
Step out of the vehicle!
Get out of the car!
See anything?
Back
back back back back.
Shh.
When I call you answer.
you fucking prick.
Who do you think
you're fucking with?
I will cut your balls off and
feed them to my fucking dogs!
Fuck!
- Dad!
-  Grandpa!
- Grandpa!
There's more men coming.
Just stop.
Come on.
Come on!
Shh. shh.
All right. sit on that
bench and do not move.
Fuck.
My grandpa's kicking
your butt out there.
- Sarah.
- Shut up.
Go kill that motherfucker.
What. are you
pissing your pants?
Huh Hector?
You want me to kill
that motherfucker?
- Shut the fuck up. Donnie.
- Fuck you.
All right. you want something
done you do it yourself.
Come here.
Watch them.
Drop the gun.
Drop the fucking gun!
Got you. motherfucker.
Hand me the hard drive.
Hand me the hard drive!
My finger's on the
fucking trigger.
All right.
Go.
You know. you killed
15 of my guys.
You know that right?
You motherfucker.
You killed my
little brother.
You know what I'm
gonna do first?
I'm gonna kill your
fucking family.
Right in front of your face.
That's right. do something. Move.
Go ahead. try to kick.
Try to do one of your fucking
fancy things. motherfucker.
Give me the drive.
Give me the goddamn
All right tough
guy. it's fucking
Don't move.
Give me the drive.
The real drive.
Well Chief.
You were right.
Thank you.
All of this for a little stick.
May I borrow him for a moment?
Come. walk with me.
Trust him.
You badly hurt?
I'll heal.
Yeah
you do. don't you?
Are you hurt?
- No.
- I'm okay.
Is she hurt?
Just look at me. okay?
Okay. you're okay.
Very brave.
Brave little girl.
What the hell's
going on here. man?
Yes. I'm sure you
have lots of questions.
I saw some of what
was on that drive.
Goes pretty deep.
Where does it all lead?
Everywhere and nowhere.
Those are the kinds of answers
that make me despise authority.
We've been trying
to shut down Hector's
East Coast crime
organisation unit for years.
Jimmy. your son-in-law.
was informing for us.
About six months.
Well actually he was
informing Fitzsimmons.
And Fitzsimmons was
informing Hector.
So every time we got
close to busting Hector
and her operations Fitzsimmons
would feed her information.
When Fitzsimmons
found out that Donnie
had the drive. he used
Jimmy to steal it.
So he could get
it back to Hector.
His partner got
shot and the whole
operation went upside down.
Jimmy got caught.
The drive landed
on your doorstep.
When you reached out to
Drisdale that you had the drive
we figured you were the perfect
way to expose Fitzsimmons.
And wipe out Hector and her men.
So you used me.
Of course.
Why?
Politics.
I'm running for the Governor
of the state of Florida.
This drive gives me
the leverage I need.
Plus now that I've
taken down the entire
East Coast crime
organisation run by Hector
and her men. all I
have to do is hold
a press conference
and take credit.
Then I begin my run for office.
So you're gonna use that
drive for your own benefit.
Yes I am.
But isn't it reassuring to
know that we're the good guys?
What about them?
I just got my family back.
I'm not letting them go now.
They'll be taken care of.
You have my word.
When we're done here I'll
send them down to Cayman.
I can explain them. but not you.
Okay.
What about me?
Why don't you take this boat.
Hector won't be
needing it anymore.
Grand Cayman is about
380 nautical miles
in that direction.
What if I go to the press?
It's a pretty good story. no?
Fake news. my dear boy.
Fake news.
♪ Ooh the Milky Way has
gone a little sour ♪
♪ The leaves dried and
the flower fell away ♪